Save the folks out of Brazil, bj
we are here on the last day of g5
megarian in the national bridge company
bank tiltil versos and accuses who will be the
winner
keep an eye on the small detail
and now the big winners of this
late the Spanish championship blanc
the members of the yakuza
well guys bj touch part of the
team accuses it was the big winner
tonight can play here in the mega x5
arena
I 'd like to hear from you first.
how was the preparation routine for
you get here yourself
mentioned that he was one of the new members
From the team to you was of videos introsar
Or was it quiet, the crew stayed rather
It was quiet the people helped a lot and
I got in easy and we trained three
weeks only and for a short time the result
it's huge
I believed that our team was good.
understood
I knew I trusted that we would win.
and gave no other
and what is the feeling of playing against
favoritism of the galera yourself
mentioned that I think I was the
favorite
You arrived and emailed me timidly.
for some and they ended up leaving champions
this gives you an extra strength to the
upcoming championships and how help is
an extra force that the crew will start
to support the team more
it's a normal tactic I in my old
club and they were not always their clan
I played against tim hill
it's not a seven-headed creature
It lacked the organization and friendship that
people have so this is it
and finally with its next goals has
more championships in view of the formation
remains the same for the next
disputes
the training will be the same as the next
goal without doubt is a world of bbc
maybe from there maybe it should be the next
event and large blanc will have the
our goal is to have won the schalke
people are staying and keep an eye on
next bj's coverage